refactor: set explicit OS version for runners (#606)
equinor/ops-actions: docs/best-practices.md

    Jobs that access secrets that grant non-privileged access (for example `Reader` access in an Azure subscription) should **not** be skipped if the workflow was triggered by Dependabot. In this scenario, separate Dependabot secrets must be created in the repository containing the caller workflow (see [official documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/code-security/dependabot/working-with-dependabot/automating-dependabot-with-github-actions#accessing-secrets)).

> - Set a specific runner OS version on all workflows, as of right now we are starting to see the following warnings when referring to the `ubuntu-latest` runner laber
>   > ubuntu-latest pipelines will use ubuntu-24.04 soon. For more details see [link](https://github.com/actions/runner-images/issues/10636)
> 
>   Currently the newest version is `ubuntu-24.04`, but we have not tested that version yet and it could potentially start to break our workflows (this is theoretical but potentially real scenario). Therefore ensure that the workflows runners laber are refering to this specific OS version.
> 
>    ```yaml
>     jobs:
>       docker:
>         runs-on: ubuntu-22.04
>   ```

Reviewer: I don't think we should refer to current latest version, since that will need to be updated in the future when new versions are made available, thus we'll need to actively maintain this document. In short, we don't want to document "living information" (i.e. information that actively changes).

Instead, we can shorten this a bit to be more precise, focusing on how and why, then link to available versions instead:

````suggestion
- Set a specific runner OS version for all jobs (see [supported GitHub-hosted runners](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-github-hosted-runners/using-github-hosted-runners/about-github-hosted-runners#supported-runners-and-hardware-resources)):

  ```yaml
  jobs:
    example-job:
      runs-on: ubuntu-22.04
  ```

  This ensures that all jobs are executed on a runner that includes the required software by default.
````

Author: yes good point 😅 i will commit the suggestion, thx for the look out  👍🏼
